SOFTWARE LICENSE AND SUPPORT AGREEMENT
General Terms and Conditions
(IIGTCII)

1. DEFINITIONS.

1.1 “Add—on” means any development that adds new and independent functionality, but does not
modify existing SAP functionality, and is developed using SAP application programming interfaces or
other SAP code that allows other software products to communicate with or call on SAP Software.

 

1.2 “Affiliate” means any legal entity in the Territory in which the Licensee, directly or indirectly,
holds more than fifty percent (50%) of the shares or voting rights. Any such legal entity shall be
considered an Affiliate for only such time as such interest is maintained.

1.3 “Agreement” means the agreement as defined in the Software Order Form.

1.4 “Business Partner” means a legal entity or individual that requires access to the Software in
connection with Licensee’s internal business operations, such as customers, distributors and/or
suppliers of Licensee.

1.5 "Confidential Information" means, with respect to Licensee: Licensee’s marketing and business
plans and/or financial information, and with respect to SAP : (a) the Software and Documentation and
other SAP Materials, including without limitation the following information regarding the Software: (i)
computer software (object and source codes), programming techniques and programming concepts,
methods of processing, system designs embodied in the Software; (ii) benchmark results, manuals,
program listings, data structures, flow charts, logic diagrams, functional specifications, file formats;
and (iii) discoveries, inventions, concepts, designs, flow charts, documentation, product specifications,
application program interface specifications, techniques and processes relating to the Software; (b)
the research and development or investigations of SAP; and (c) product offerings, content partners,
product pricing, product availability, technical drawings, algorithms, processes, ideas, techniques,
formulas, data, schematics, trade secrets, know-how, improvements, marketing plans, forecasts and
strategies. In addition, Confidential Information of either SAP or Licensee (the party disclosing such
information being the “Disclosing Party”) includes information which the Disclosing Party protects
against unrestricted disclosure to others that (i) the Disclosing Party or its representatives identifies
as confidential at the time of disclosure; or (ii) should reasonably be understood to be confidential
given the nature of the information and the circumstances surrounding its disclosure; including,
without limitation, information from, about or concerning any third party that is disclosed under this
Agreement.

1.6 “Designated Unit” means information technology devices (e.g. hard disks or central processing
units) identified by Licensee pursuant to this Agreement that have been officially made known to the
public as appropriate for Use or interoperation with the Software.

1.7 "Documentation" means SAP's then-current technical and/or functional documentation which is
delivered or made available to Licensee with the Software under this Agreement.

1.8 “ nte||ectua| Progerty Rights” means patents of any type, design rights, utility models or other
similar invention rights, copyrights, mask work rights, trade secret or confidentiality rights,
trademarks, trade names and service marks and any other intangible property rights, including
applications and registrations for any of the foregoing, in any country, arising under statutory or
common law or by contract and whether or not perfected, now existing or hereafter filed, issued, or
acquired.

1.9 "Modification" means (i) a change to the delivered source code or metadata; or (ii) any
development, other than a change to the delivered source code or metadata, that customizes,
enhances, or changes existing functionality of the Software including, but not limited to, the creation
of any new application program interfaces, alternative user interfaces or the extension of SAP data
structures; or (iii) any other change to the Software (other than an Add—on) utilizing or incorporating
any SAP Materials (defined below).

1.10 “SAP Materials” means any software, programs, tools, systems, data or other materials made
available by SAP to Licensee prior to or in the course of the performance under this Agreement

SAP General Terms and Conditions enCA.v.10-2017 Page 1 of 8

including, but not limited to, the Software and Documentation, as well as any information, materials
or feedback provided by Licensee to SAP relating to the Software and Documentation.

1.11 “SAP Support” means SAP’s then-current SAP support offering made available to Licensee, as
stated in the applicable Software Order Form and made a part hereof.

1.12 "Software" means (i) any and all software products licensed to Licensee under this Agreement
as specified in Software Order Forms hereto, all as developed by or for SAP, SAP SE and/or any of
their affiliated companies and delivered to Licensee hereunder; (ii) any new releases, updates or
versions thereof made available through unrestricted shipment pursuant to SAP Support or warranty
obligation and (iii) any complete or partial copies of any of the foregoing.

1.13 “Software Order Form” means the order form for the Software, Third Party Software and related
SAP Support ordered by Licensee thereunder, including information on Software, Third Party Software,
SAP Support, fees, and other information necessary for the delivery of such items to Licensee.

1.14 "Territory" means the world except for those countries prohibited by applicable export laws and
further subject to Section 12.4 of the GTC.

1.15 “Third Party Software" means (i) any and all software products and content licensed to Licensee
under this Agreement as specified in Software Order Forms hereto, all as developed by companies
other than SAP, SAP SE and/or any of their affiliated companies and delivered to Licensee hereunder;
(ii) any new releases, updates or versions thereof made available through SAP Support or warranty
obligations and (iii) any complete or partial copies of any of the foregoing.

1.16 "Use" means to directly or indirectly activate the processing capabilities of the Software, load,
execute, access, employ the Software, or display information resulting from such capabilities.

1.17 “Use Terms" means the Software Use Rights document as defined in the Software Order Form.
2. LICENSE GRANT.

2.1 License.

2.1.1 Subject to Licensee’s compliance with all the terms and conditions of this Agreement, SAP
grants to Licensee a non—exclusive, non—transferable, perpetual (except for subscription based
licenses) license to Use the Software, Documentation, and other SAP Materials at specified site(s)
within the Territory to run Licensee’s and its Affiliates’ internal business operations (including
customer back—up and passive disaster recovery) and to provide internal training and testing for such
internal business operations, unless terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
Licensee may make Modifications and/or Add—ons to the Software in furtherance of its permitted Use
under this Agreement, and shall be permitted to use Modifications and Add-ons with the Software in
accordance with this Section 2.1.1 and Section 6.3.Licensee shall not: (i) use the SAP Materials to
provide services to third parties (e.g., business process outsourcing, service bureau applications or
third party training) other than to Affiliates (subject to Section 2.2); (ii) lease, loan, resell, sublicense
or otherwise distribute the SAP Materials, other than distribution to Affiliates (subject to Section 2.2);
(iii) distribute or publish keycode(s); (iv) make any Use of or perform any acts with respect to the SAP
Materials other than as expressly permitted in accordance with the terms of this Agreement; (v) use
Software components other than those specifically identified in the Software Order Form, even if it is
also technically possible for Licensee to access other Software components. Licensee may permit
Business Partners to Use the Software only through screen access, solely in conjunction with
Licensee’s Use, and may not Use the Software to run any of Business Partners’ business operations.

2.1.2 Licensee agrees to install the Software only on Designated Units located at Licensee’s facilities
and in Licensee’s direct possession. With advance written notice to SAP, the information technology
devices may also be located in the facilities of an Affiliate and be in the Affiliate’s direct possession.
Licensee must be appropriately licensed as stated in the Use Terms for any individuals that Use the
Software, including employees or agents of Affiliates and Business Partners. Use may occur by way of
an interface delivered with or as a part of the Software, a Licensee or third—party interface, or another
intermediary system. If Licensee receives licensed Software that replaces previously licensed
Software, its rights under this Agreement with regard to the previously licensed Software end when it
deploys the replacement Software for Use on productive systems following a reasonable testing

SAP General Terms and Conditions enCA.v.10-2017 Page 2 of 8

period. At the date the rights to the previously licensed Software end, Licensee shall comply with
Section 5.2 of this Agreement with respect to such previously licensed Software.

2.1.3 The terms and conditions of this Agreement relative to “Software” apply to Third Party Software
except (i) Licensee shall not make Modifications and/or Add-ons to Third Party Software or otherwise
modify Third Party Software unless expressly authorized by SAP; and (ii) subject to Section 12.9, as
otherwise stated in the Use Terms.

2.2 Affiliate Use. Affiliates’ Use of the Software, Documentation and other SAP Materials to run their
internal business operations as permitted under Section 2.1.1 is subject to the following: (i) Licensee
ensures that the Affiliate agrees in writing to comply with the terms of this Agreement; and (ii) a
breach of such Affiliate Use Agreement by Affiliate shall be considered a breach by Licensee
hereunder. If Licensee has an affiliate or subsidiary with a separate agreement for SAP software
licenses and/or support services with SAP SE, any SAP SE affiliate (including SAP) or any other
distributor of SAP software, the Software shall not be Used to run such affiliate’s or subsidiary’s
business operations and such affiliate or subsidiary shall not receive any support services under this
Agreement even if such separate agreement has expired or is terminated, unless otherwise agreed to
in writing by the parties.

2.3 Services Providers. With SAP’s prior written consent, Licensee may permit services providers to
access the Software solely for the purpose of providing facility, implementation, systems, application
management or disaster recovery services to Licensee in connection with the business of Licensee for
which the Software is herein licensed grovided: (i) these rights will continue only while Licensee and
such services provider have in place a written agreement that includes provisions requiring such
services provider’s compliance with the terms of this Agreement prior to such access, including
without limitation non—disclosure of SAP Confidential Information; (ii) Licensee must be appropriately
licensed for all employees of such services provider authorized to access the Software; (iii) such
services provider shall be permitted to Use the Software solely to install and configure the Software in
accordance with the business of Licensee as set forth herein (or in the case of a disaster recovery
vendor, to provide disaster recovery services only); (iv) under no circumstances may such services
provider Use the Software to operate or provide processing services to Licensee or any other party, or
in connection with such services provider’s own business operations; (v) Licensee shall be responsible
for any additional Software, migration tools, or third party software needed to effect such transition;
and (vi) Licensee expressly agrees to indemnify SAP, its officers, employees, agents and
subcontractors from and against all claims, liabilities, losses, damages and costs (including reasonable
legal fees) suffered by SAP arising from a breach by the services provider of the conditions of this
Agreement. Upon SAP request, Licensee shall provide written confirmation to SAP that items (i)—(iv)
are fulfilled.

3. VERIFICATION.

SAP shall be permitted to audit (at least once annually and in accordance with SAP standard
procedures, which may include on-site and/or remote audit) the usage of the SAP Materials. Licensee
shall cooperate reasonably in the conduct of such audits. In the event an audit reveals that (i)
Licensee underpaid license fees and/or SAP Support fees to SAP and/or (ii) that Licensee has Used the
Software in excess of the license quantities or levels stated in the Software Order Form, Licensee shall
pay such underpaid fees and/or for such excess usage based on the then-current SAP price list, terms
and conditions in effect at the time of the audit, and shall execute an additional Software Order Form
to affect the required licensing of any additional quantities or levels. Reasonable costs of SAP’s audit
shall be paid by Licensee if the audit results indicate usage in excess of the licensed quantities or
levels. SAP reserves all rights at law and equity with respect to both Licensee’s underpayment of
License fees or SAP Support fees and usage in excess of the license quantities or levels.

4. PRICE AND PAYMENT.

4.1 E. Licensee shall pay to SAP the software license fees and the support fees as specified in
the Software Order Forms. Any fees not paid when due shall accrue interest at the rate of 12% per
annum, but not to exceed the maximum amount as allowed by law. Licensee fees include costs of
initial delivery and packaging for physical shipment. In cases of electronic delivery, SAP makes the
Software available for download from a network at its own cost, and Licensee is responsible for the
cost of downloading the Software. Licensee acknowledges that a purchase order is for administrative

SAP General Terms and Conditions enCA.v.10-2017 Page 3 of 8

convenience only and that Licensor has the right to issue an invoice and collect payment without a
corresponding purchase order.

4.2 Taxes. Fees and other charges described in this Agreement do not include federal, provincial or
local sales, PST, GST, HST, foreign withholding, use, property, excise, service, or similar transaction
taxes (“TaX(es)”) now or hereafter levied, all of which shall be for Licensee’s account. Any applicable
direct pay permits or valid taX-exempt certificates must be provided to SAP prior to the execution of
this Agreement. If SAP is required to pay Taxes, Licensee shall reimburse SAP for such amounts.
Licensee hereby agrees to indemnify SAP for any Taxes and related costs, interest and penalties paid
or payable by SAP.

 

5. TERM.

 

5.1. Term. This Agreement and the license granted hereunder shall become effective as of the date
first set forth in the applicable Software Order Form and shall continue in effect thereafter unless
terminated upon the earliest to occur of the following: (i) thirty days after Licensee gives SAP written
notice of Licensee's direction to terminate this Agreement, for any reason, but only after payment of
all License and SAP Support fees then clue and owing; (ii) thirty days after SAP gives Licensee written
notice of Licensee's material breach of any provision of this Agreement (other than Licensee's breach
of its obligations under Sections 6, 10 or 11, which breach shall result in immediate termination),
including Licensee’s failure to pay any money due hereunder, unless Licensee has cured such breach
during such thirty day period; (iii) immediately if Licensee files for bankruptcy, becomes insolvent, or
makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors. For the avoidance of any doubt, termination of this
Agreement shall strictly apply to all Software licensed under this Agreement, its appendices,
schedules, addenda and order documents and any partial termination of this Agreement by Licensee
shall not be permitted in respect of any part of this Agreement, its appendices, schedules, addenda,
order documents.

 

5.2 End of Term Duties. Upon any termination hereunder, Licensee and its Affiliates shall
immediately cease Use of all SAP Materials and Confidential Information. Within thirty (30) days after
any termination, Licensee shall irretrievably destroy or upon SAP’s request deliver to SAP all copies of
the SAP Materials and Confidential Information in every form, except to the extent it is legally required
to keep it for a longer period in which case such return or destruction shall occur at the end of such
period. Licensee must certify to SAP in writing that it has satisfied its obligations under this Section
5.2. Licensee agrees to certify in writing to SAP that it and each of its Affiliates has performed the
foregoing. Sections 3, 4, 5.2, 6, 7.2, 8, 9, 10, 12.4, 12.6, 12.7 and 12.9 shall survive such
termination. In the event of any termination hereunder, Licensee shall not be entitled to any refund of
any payments made by Licensee. Termination shall not relieve Licensee from its obligation to pay fees
that remain unpaid.

6. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS.

6.1 Reservation of Rights. The SAP Materials, and all Intellectual Property Rights embodied therein,
shall be the sole and exclusive property of SAP, SAP SE (the parent company of SAP) or its or their
licensors, subject to any rights expressly granted to Licensee in Section 2 and 6.3 herein. Except for
the rights set forth in Sections 2 and 6.3 herein, Licensee is not permitted to modify or otherwise
make derivative works of the Software or other SAP Materials.

6.2 Protection of Rights. Licensee shall not copy, translate, disassemble, decompile, nor reverse
engineer the Software or other SAP Materials. Licensee shall not create or attempt to create the
source code from the object code of the Software or other SAP Materials. Licensee is permitted to
back up data in accordance with good information technology practice and for this purpose to create
the necessary backup copies of the Software. Backup copies on transportable discs or other data
media must be marked as backup copies and bear the same copyright and authorship notice as the
original discs or other data media, unless technically infeasible. Licensee must not change or remove
SAP’s copyright, trade mark and authorship notices.

6.3 ModificationsZAdd-ons.

6.3.1 Licensee shall comply with SAP’s registration procedure prior to making Modifications or Add—
ons. All Modifications and all rights associated therewith shall be the exclusive property of SAP, SAP
SE or its or their licensors. All Add—ons developed by SAP (either independently or jointly with

SAP General Terms and Conditions enCA.v.10-2017 Page 4 of 8

Licensee) and all rights associated therewith shall be the exclusive property of SAP, SAP SE or its or
their licensors. Licensee agrees to execute those documents reasonably necessary to secure SAP’s
rights in the foregoing Modifications and Add-ons. All Add-ons developed by or on behalf of Licensee
without SAP’s participation (“Licensee Add-on”), and all rights associated therewith, shall be the
exclusive property of Licensee subject to SAP’s rights in and to the Software and SAP Materials;
provided, Licensee shall not commercialize, market, distribute, license, sublicense, transfer, assign or
otherwise alienate any such Licensee Add—ons. SAP retains the right to independently develop its own
Modifications or Add-ons to the Software, and Licensee agrees not to take any action that would limit
SAP’s sale, assignment, licensing or use of its own Software or Modifications or Add-ons thereto.

6.3.2 Any Modification developed by or on behalf of Licensee without SAP’s participation or Licensee
Add-on must not (and subject to other limitations set forth herein): enable the bypassing or
circumventing any of the restrictions set forth in this Agreement and/or provide Licensee with access
to the Software to which Licensee is not directly licensed; nor unreasonably impair, degrade or reduce
the performance or security of the Software; nor render or provide any information concerning SAP
software license terms, Software, or any other information related to SAP Materials.

6.3.3 Licensee covenants, on behalf of itself and its successors and assigns, not to assert against SAP
or its affiliated companies, or their resellers, distributors, suppliers, commercial partners and
customers, any rights in any (i) Licensee Add-ons or Modifications, or (ii) other functionality of the
SAP Software accessed by such Licensee Add-ons or Modifications.

7. PERFORMANCE WARRANTY.

7.1 Warranty. SAP warrants that the Software will substantially conform to the specifications
contained in the Documentation for six months following delivery. The warranty shall not apply: (i) if
the Software is not used in accordance with the Documentation; or (ii) if the defect is caused by a
Modification or Add-on (other than a Modification or Add-on made by SAP and which is provided
through SAP Support or under warranty), Licensee or third-party software; or (iii) to any Licensee
unlicensed activities. SAP does not warrant that the Software will operate uninterrupted or that it will
be free from minor defects or errors that do not materially affect such performance, or that the
applications contained in the Software are designed to meet all of Licensee's business requirements.
Provided Licensee notifies SAP in writing with a specific description of the Software’s nonconformance
within the warranty period and SAP validates the existence of such nonconformance, SAP will, at its
option: a) repair or replace the nonconforming Software, or b) refund the license fees paid for the
applicable nonconforming Software in exchange for a return of such nonconforming Software. This is
Licensee’s sole and exclusive remedy under this warranty.

7.2 EXQreSS Disclaimer. SAP AND ITS LICENSORS DISCLAIM ALL OTHER WARRANTIES EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
MERCHANTABLE QUALITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT THAT
ANY WARRANTIES IMPLIED BY LAW CANNOT BE VALIDLY WAIVED.

8. THIRD PARTY CLAIMS.

8.1 Infringement and Defense of Licensee. SAP shall defend Licensee against claims brought
against Licensee in Canada by any third party alleging that Licensee's Use of the Software, in
accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, constitutes a direct infringement or
misappropriation of such third party’s Canadian patent claim(s), copyright or trade secret rights, and
SAP will pay damages finally awarded against Licensee (or the amount of any settlement SAP enters
into) with respect to such claims. This obligation of SAP shall not apply if the alleged infringement or
misappropriation results from (i) Use of the Software in conjunction with any other software; (ii) Use
of the Software with an apparatus other than a Designated Unit; (iii) failure to promptly use an update
provided by SAP if such infringement or misappropriation could have been avoided by use of the
update; or (iv) any Use not permitted by this Agreement. This obligation of SAP also shall not apply if
Licensee fails to timely notify SAP in writing of any such claim; however Licensee’s failure to provide
or delay in providing such notice shall not relieve SAP of its obligations under this Section except to
the extent SAP is prejudiced by Licensee’s failure to provide or delay in providing such notice. SAP is
permitted to control fully the defense and any settlement of any such claim as long as such settlement
shall not include a financial obligation on or admission of liability by Licensee. In the event Licensee
declines SAP’s proffered defense, or otherwise fails to give full control of the defense to SAP’s
designated counsel, then Licensee waives SAP’s obligations under this Section 8.1. Licensee shall

SAP General Terms and Conditions enCA.v.10-2017 Page 5 of 8

reasonably cooperate in the defense of such claim and may appear, at its own expense, through
counsel reasonably acceptable to SAP. SAP expressly reserves the right to cease such defense of any
c|aim(s) in the event the Software is no longer alleged to infringe or misappropriate, or is held not to
infringe or misappropriate, the third party’s rights. SAP may settle or mitigate damages from any
claim or potential claim by substituting alternative substantially equivalent non—infringing programs
and supporting documentation for the Software. Licensee shall not undertake any action in response
to any infringement or misappropriation, or alleged infringement or misappropriation of the Software
that is prejudicial to SAP’s rights.

8.2 THE PROVISIONS OF THIS SECTION 8 STATE THE SOLE, EXCLUSIVE, AND ENTIRE LIABILITY OF
SAP AND ITS LICENSORS TO LICENSEE, AND IS LICENSEE'S SOLE REMEDY, WITH RESPECT TO THE
INFRINGEMENT OR MISAPPROPRIATION OF THIRD-PARTY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS.

9. LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY.

9.1 Not Resgonsible. SAP and its licensors will not be responsible under this Agreement (i) if the
Software is not used in accordance with the Documentation; or (ii) if the defect or liability is caused by
Licensee, a Modification or Add-on (other than a Modification or Add-on made by SAP which is
provided through SAP Support or under warranty), or third-party software; or (iii) if the Software is
used in conjunction with any third party software for which the Licensee lacks sufficient rights from
the third party vendor for such use; or (iv) for any Licensee activities not permitted under this
Agreement. SAP AND ITS LICENSORS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIMS OR DAMAGES
ARISING FROM INHERENTLY DANGEROUS USE OF THE SOFTWARE AND/OR THIRD—PARTY SOFTWARE
LICENSED HEREUNDER.

9.2 Exclusion of Damages; Limitation of Liability. ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY HEREIN
NOTWITHSTANDING, EXCEPT FOR (I) DAMAGES RESULTING FROM (a) UNAUTHORIZED USE OR
DISCLOSURE OF CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION; OR (b)DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY ARISING FROM
EITHER PARTY’S GROSS NEGLIGENCE OR ARISING FROM EITHER PARTY’S WILLFUL MISCONDUCT;
OR (II) SAP’S OBLIGATIONS UNDER SECTION 8.1; OR (III) SAP’S RIGHT TO COLLECT UNPAID FEES,
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES AND REGARDLESS OF THE NATURE OF ANY CLAIM SHALL SAP, ITS
LICENSORS OR LICENSEE BE LIABLE TO EACH OTHER OR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY FOR AN
AMOUNT IN EXCESS OF THE PAID LICENSE FEES FOR THE SOFTWARE DIRECTLY CAUSING THE
DAMAGES OR BE LIABLE IN ANY AMOUNT FOR LOSS OF GOOD WILL OR PROFITS, WORK STOPPAGE,
DATA LOSS, COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, LEGAL FEES, COURT COSTS, INTEREST OR
EXEMPLARY OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, AND/OR FOR ANY AND ALL SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL,
CONSEQUENTIAL, OR INDIRECT DAMAGES.

9.3 Exclusions and Limitations for Third Party Software. SUBJECT TO THE EXCLUSION OF DAMAGES
STATED IN SECTION 9.2 AND WITH RESPECT TO THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE, UNDER NO
CIRCUMSTANCES AND REGARDLESS OF THE NATURE OF ANY CLAIM SHALL SAP OR ITS LICENSORS’
BE LIABLE FOR AN AMOUNT IN EXCESS OF THE PAID LICENSE FEES FOR THE THIRD PARTY
SOFTWARE DIRECTLY CAUSING THE DAMAGES.

9.4 The provisions of this Agreement allocate the risks between SAP and Licensee. The license fees
reflect this allocation of risk and the limitations of liability herein.

10. CONFIDENTIALITY.

10.1 Use of Confidential Information. Confidential Information shall not be reproduced in any form
except as required to accomplish the intent of this Agreement. Any reproduction of any Confidential
Information of the other shall remain the property of the disclosing party and shall contain any and all
confidential or proprietary notices or legends which appear on the original. With respect to the
Confidential Information of the other, each party : (a) shall take all Reasonable Steps (defined below)
to keep all Confidential Information strictly confidential; and (b) shall not disclose any Confidential
Information of the other to any person other than its bona fide individuals whose access is necessary
to enable it to exercise its rights and/or perform its obligations hereunder, and who are under
obligations of confidentiality substantially similar to those set forth herein. As used herein “Reasonable
Steps” means those steps the receiving party takes to protect its own similar proprietary and
confidential information, which shall not be less than a reasonable standard of care. Confidential
Information of either party disclosed prior to execution of this Agreement shall be subject to the
protections afforded hereunder.

SAP General Terms and Conditions enCA.v.10-2017 Page 6 of 8

10.2 Excegtions. The above restrictions on the use or disclosure of the Confidential Information shall
not apply to any Confidential Information that: (a) is independently developed by the receiving party
without reference to the disclosing partyâ€™s Confidential Information, or is lawfully received free of
restriction from a third party having the right to furnish such Confidential Information; (b) has become
generally available to the public without breach of this Agreement by the receiving party; (c) at the
time of disclosure, was known to the receiving party free of restriction; or (cl) the disclosing party
agrees in writing is free of such restrictions.

10.3 Confidential Terms and Conditions; Publicity. Licensee shall not disclose the terms and
conditions of this Agreement or the pricing contained herein to any third party. Neither party shall use
the name of the other party in publicity, advertising, or similar activity, without the prior written
consent of the other, except that Licensee agrees that SAP and its affiliated companies may use
Licensee's name in customer listings or, at times mutually agreeable to the parties, as part of SAP's
marketing efforts (including without limitation reference calls and stories, press testimonials, site
visits, SAPPHIRE participation). SAP will make reasonable efforts to avoid having the reference
activities unreasonably interfere with Licensee's business. Licensee agrees that SAP may share
information on Licensee with its affiliated companies for marketing and other business purposes and
that Licensee has secured permission from its employees to allow SAP to share business contact
information with its affiliates.

11. ASSIGNMENT.

Licensee may not, without SAP's prior written consent, assign, delegate, pledge, or otherwise transfer
this Agreement, or any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement, or the SAP Materials or SAP
Confidential Information, to any party, whether voluntarily or by operation of law, including by way of
sale of assets, merger or consolidation. SAP may assign this Agreement to any of its affiliates.

12. GENERAL PROVISIONS.

12.1 Severability. It is the intent of the parties that in case any one or more of the provisions
contained in this Agreement shall be held to be invalid or unenforceable in any respect, such invalidity
or unenforceability shall not affect the other provisions of this Agreement, and this Agreement shall be
construed as if such invalid or unenforceable provision had never been contained herein.

12.2 No Waiver. If either party should waive any breach of any provision of this Agreement, it shall

not thereby be deemed to have waived any preceding or succeeding breach of the same or any other
provision hereof.

12.3 Counterparts. This Agreement may be signed in two counterparts, each of which shall be
deemed an original and which shall together constitute one Agreement. Signatures sent by electronic
means (facsimile, scanned and sent via e-mail, or signed by electronic signature service where legally
permitted) shall be deemed original signatures.

12.4 Regulatory Matters. The Software, Documentation and SAP Materials are subject to the export
control laws of various countries, including without limit the laws of Canada, the United States and
Germany. Licensee agrees that it will not submit the Software, Documentation or other SAP Materials
to any government agency for licensing consideration or other regulatory approval without the prior
written consent of SAP, and will not export the Software, Documentation and SAP Materials to
countries, persons or entities prohibited by such laws. Licensee shall also be responsible for
complying with all applicable governmental regulations of the country where Licensee is registered,
and any foreign countries with respect to the use of the Software, Documentation or other SAP
Materials by Licensee and/or its Affiliates.

12.5 Arbitration. Except for the right of either party to apply to a court of competent jurisdiction for
an interim or interlocutory injunction or other provisional remedy to preserve the status quo or
prevent irreparable harm pending final award of the arbitrator, any controversy or claim arising out of
or relating to this Agreement, other than as to the ownership of any intellectual property right(s) in
Proprietary Information, shall be finally settled by arbitration in Toronto, Ontario, in accordance with
the Ontario Arbitrations Act, and judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered
in any court having jurisdiction thereof. If the parties fail to appoint the arbitrator within ten (10)
days of service of a notice of intention to arbitrate (which notice shall include a description of the

SAP General Terms and Conditions enCA.v.10-2017 Page 7 of 8

claim, a concise statement of the facts supporting it and the relief sought), either party may apply to a
judge of the Ontario Court of Justice (General Division) for the appointment of such arbitrator. The
arbitrator shall have a background or training in computer |aw, computer science, or marketing of
computer products. The written decision and reasons of the arbitrator shall be communicated to the
parties no later than thirty (30) days after the close of argument in the arbitration.

12.6 Governing Law; Limitations Period. This Agreement and any claims arising out of or relating to
this Agreement and its subject matter shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the
Province of Ontario, without reference to its conflicts of law principles. In the event of any conflicts
between foreign law, rules, and regulations, and Canadian law, rules, and regulations, Canadian law,
rules, and regulations shall prevail and govern. The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the
International Sale of Goods shall not apply to this Agreement. The Uniform Computer Information
Transactions Act as enacted shall not apply. Licensee must initiate a cause of action for any claim(s)
arising out of or relating to this Agreement and its subject matter within one (1) year from the date
when Licensee knew, or should have known after reasonable investigation, of the facts giving rise to
the claim(s).

12.7 Notices. All notices or reports which are required or may be given pursuant to this Agreement
shall be in writing and shall be deemed cluly given when delivered to the respective executive offices
of SAP and Licensee at the addresses first set forth in any Software Order Form. Where in this Section
12.7 or elsewhere in this Agreement a written form is required, except for any notice of termination or
notice of a material breach which shall occur by exchange of |etter(s), that requirement can be met by
facsimile transmission, exchange of letters or other written form, including email.

12.8 Force Majeure. Any delay or nonperformance of any provision of this Agreement (other than for
the payment of amounts due hereunder) caused by conditions beyond the reasonable control of the
performing party shall not constitute a breach of this Agreement, and the time for performance of
such provision, if any, shall be deemed to be extended for a period equal to the duration of the
conditions preventing performance.

12.9 Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the complete and exclusive statement of the
agreement between SAP and Licensee, and all previous representations, discussions, and writings are
merged in, and superseded by this Agreement and the parties disclaim any reliance on any such
representations, discussions and writings. This Agreement may be modified only by a writing signed
by both parties. This Agreement shall prevail over any additional, conflicting, or inconsistent terms
and conditions which may appear on any purchase order or other document furnished by Licensee to
SAP. This Agreement shall prevail over any additional, conflicting or inconsistent terms and conditions
which may appear in any clickwrap end user agreement included in the Software. Signatures sent by
electronic means (facsimile or scanned and sent via e-mail) shall be deemed original signatures. This
Agreement does not create any partnership, joint venture or principaI—and—agent relationship.

12.10Hierarchy. The following order of precedence shall be applied in the event of conflict or
inconsistency between provisions of the components of this Agreement: (i) the Software Order Form;
(ii) the Schedules; (iii) the GTC; and (iv) the Use Terms; except with respect to third party pass-
through terms for Third Party Software stated in the Use Terms, in which case the Use Terms prevail
over any conflict or inconsistency in any component of this GTC solely with respect to such third party
pass-through terms.

SAP General Terms and Conditions enCA.v.10-2017 Page 8 of 8

